# Defcon: Elevator Hacking
Elevator hacking was one of the first videos that came up, but caught my attention, because I thought to myself, "How can they be hacked?" Elevators are considered the safest method of transportation, the Defcon presenters pointed out, because the ratio of elevators to elevator-related injuries is very, very small. There are two different types of elevators, but both have a "brain" to them. Everything we tell elevators to do by pressing buttons goes back to this "brain" which decides what to do. Mechanically, elevators can keep us safe quite easily. It's the electronic commands that we give them that are a slightly different story, and where the hacking comes into play. But before the scary hacking part, there is also optimization. For safety reasons, companies can make it so that their elevators can go everywhere in the building except the ground floor. Or, not brought up in the video, but something I always thought would be helpful - the elevator buttons having a toggle mode. Mechanically, there are key switches and badge readers that can keep people from telling the elevator to do things, however, the elevator industry is (as the guys presenting said it) "WAY behind on security." For the most part, if elevators are made by the same company, their keys can be used on any other elevator made by them, granted they are in the same state. For instance, all emergency personnel have the same exact key for all elevators to avoid having to have a huge keychain of keys to sort through in case of any emergency in a building with an elevator. The hole in elevator doors - that I always thought of as a peephole - is a keyhole for elevator personnel to unlock and open the elevator doors whenever they want, even if the elevator is not on that floor. Finally, I left off with: testing elevators is extremely important.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oHf1vD5_b5I
